[API/YAML] Patch policy: Fleet-maintained apps (#39600)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| resolution        | string  | body | The resolution steps for the policy.                                                                                                                   |
| platform          | string  | body | Comma-separated target platforms, currently supported values are "windows", "linux", "darwin". The default, an empty string means target all platforms. |
| critical          | boolean | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. Mark policy as critical/high impact.                                                                                     |
| type | string | body | The type of the policy. Options are `"dynamic"` (classic policy with an editable query) or `"patch"` (tied to `patch_software_title_id` and automatically updated to include the newest Fleet-maintained app version). If not specified, defaults to `"dynamic"`. |

> | patch_software_title_id | integer | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. ID of the software title (Fleet-maintained only) to create patch policy for. |

Author: ### 
```suggestion
| patch_software_title_id | integer | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. ID of the software title (Fleet-maintained only) to create a patch policy for. Required if `type` is `patch`. |
```

> | patch_software_title_id | integer | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. ID of the softwae title (Fleet-maintained only) to create patch policy for.|

Reviewer: Shape of this API lgtm, but have some proposed changes to the wording:
```suggestion
| type | string | body | The type of the policy. Options are `"dynamic"` (classic policy with an editable query) or `"patch"` (tied to `patch_software_title_id` and automatically updated to include the newest Fleet-maintained app version). If not specified, defaults to `"dynamic"`. |
| patch_software_title_id | integer | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. ID of the software title (Fleet-maintained only) to create patch policy for. |
```

Also, is `patch_software_title_id` required if `type` is `"patch"`? If so, should mention that as well.
